Miss Wu, you are here
Chen Hao, I brought the patient's family to find you
Miss Ye
Mr. Xu, you know me
Miss Xu, one of the eight major families in the capital
No one knows that you created your own biological group.
In just two years, he has become a new tycoon in the Chinese business community
The market value is hundreds of billions
She is the most outstanding young female entrepreneur in the country's business community
OK
Miss Su said only you can save my father
I want to implore you to save my father
And offered 10 million bribes
There is a man named Wang Defu by Lin Yuxuan's side
He can also save your father
I know that feng shui master
He was found by my brother
My second brother is arrogant and domineering
Unburdened
But kept trying to get my father to give the company to him
After my father refused
He resented
My father's illness is probably related to that feng shui master
Mrs. Chen, please save my father's life
I owe Mr. Lin a favor, just treat it as helping him
Ok I can save your father
But my account with Lin Yuxuan will be settled sooner or later
Please rest assured.
He dared to harm my father
The Lin family broke off relations with him
Whether he is dead or alive is no different from my Lin family
The pillow towel is not closed, for the sake of Sister Mu Qiu